database: replace `sanakirja` with `redb` (#80)
Cuprate/cuprate: database/README.md

## `redb`
The 2nd database backend is the 100% Rust [`redb`](https://github.com/cberner/redb).

The upstream versions from [`crates.io`](https://crates.io/crates/redb) are used.

`redb`'s filenames inside Cuprate's database folder (`~/.local/share/cuprate/database/`) are:

| Filename    | Purpose |
|-------------|---------|
| `data.redb` | Main data file

## `sanakirja`
[`sanakirja`](https://docs.rs/sanakirja) was a candidate as a backend, however there were problems with maximum value sizes.

The default maximum value size is [1012 bytes](https://docs.rs/sanakirja/1.4.1/sanakirja/trait.Storable.html) which was too small for our requirements. Using [`sanakirja::Slice`](https://docs.rs/sanakirja/1.4.1/sanakirja/union.Slice.html) and [sanakirja::UnsizedStorage](https://docs.rs/sanakirja/1.4.1/sanakirja/trait.UnsizedStorable.html) was attempted, but there were bugs found when inserting a value in-between `512..=4096` bytes.

As such, it is not implemented.

## `MDBX`

> [`MDBX`](https://erthink.github.io/libmdbx) was a candidate as a backend, however MDBX deprecated the custom key/value comparison functions needed for `cuprate_database`'s duplicate table requirements. It is also quite similar to the main backend LMDB (of which it was originally a fork of).
> 
> As such, it is not implemented.

Reviewer: It is possible to implement MDBX, just not as easily as LMDB so I would change this to:

```suggestion
[`MDBX`](https://erthink.github.io/libmdbx) was a candidate as a backend, however MDBX deprecated the custom key/value comparison functions, this makes it a bit trickier to implement dup tables. It is also quite similar to the main backend LMDB (of which it was originally a fork of).

As such, it is not implemented (yet).
```
